[Variant] Add (empty) `parquet-variant` crate, update `parquet-testing` pin (#7485)
apache/arrow-rs: parquet-variant/README.md

<!---
  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
-->

# Apache Parquet Variant Rust Implementation

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/parquet-variant.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/parquet-variant)
[![docs.rs](https://img.shields.io/docsrs/parquet-variant.svg)](https://docs.rs/parquet/latest/parquet-variant/)

This crate contains an implementation of [Variant Binary Encoding], part of

> [Apache Parquet], which is part of the [Apache Arrow] project.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit confusing. I suppose we mean to say the encoding is part of the Apache Parquet project, but this implementation is part of the Apache Arrow project, right?

Author: ```suggestion
This crate contains an implementation of [Variant Binary Encoding] from
[Apache Parquet]. This software is developed as part of the [Apache Arrow] project.
```
